<p><br></p><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 12, 52);font-size: 16px;background-color: rgb(254, 254, 254)">This page provides an overview of the options for creating an account and how to get started using your AppDynamics online Account Management Portal and AppDynamics SaaS.</span></p><p>As part of your deployment, the AppDynamics provides:</p><p>As a best practice, we recommend that you follow the&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.appdynamics.com/appd/23.x/latest/en/appdynamics-essentials/deployment-planning-guide" name="sp-plaintextbody-link">Deployment Planning Guide</a>&nbsp;and create a&nbsp;deployment&nbsp;plan for your environment and needs.</p><h2>Create an Account</h2><p>Your first step to working with AppDynamics is to create a SaaS account to fit your&nbsp;data security needs, application workflow, and business environment. Reviewing the&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.appdynamics.com/appd/23.x/latest/en/appdynamics-essentials/deployment-planning-guide" name="sp-plaintextbody-link">Deployment Planning Guide</a>&nbsp;will help you strategize.</p><p>AppDynamics has implemented restrictions and will&nbsp;not enter into any negotiation with, or seek to solicit any interest from, any third party in relation to the sale or use of the AppDynamics products or software or any part thereof, whether directly or indirectly with&nbsp;any country or region subject to an embargo including but not limited to&nbsp;Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, and Crimea.&nbsp;</p><p><br>Choose an account type and deployment option. There is no limit to the number of users you can create with either option. See&nbsp;<a rel="nofollow" href="https://community.appdynamics.com/t5/Knowledge-Base/AppDynamics-Pro-Trial-and-Lite-licenses-How-are-they-different/ta-p/43038" target="blank">AppDynamics Pro Trial and Lite Licenses</a>.</p><p><strong>Self Service Trial</strong></p><p>The default trial configuration is a&nbsp;Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) deployment hosted by AppDynamics.&nbsp;</p><div><ol><li>Follow this&nbsp;<a rel="nofollow" href="https://www.appdynamics.com/free-trial/" target="blank">Start Free Trial</a>&nbsp;link.</li><li>Enter your information and create a secure password.<ol><li><p>The email&nbsp;and password&nbsp;you enter will be your login throughout your AppDynamics trial experience. Therefore, it is essential that you use a valid email address.</p><div><div><div><p>You can skip the form and chat with a live expert by using the online chat feature.</p></div></div></div></li></ol></li><li>Agree to the terms and click&nbsp;<strong>Get Started</strong>.</li><li>Click&nbsp;<strong>Launch AppDynamics</strong>.</li></ol></div><div><ul><li>A Controller Tenant for data collection.</li><li>A Controller Tenant UI for data analysis.</li><li>An online&nbsp;<a rel="nofollow" href="http://accounts.appdynamics.com/" target="blank">Account Management Portal</a>&nbsp;to manage your account, users, subscriptions, license usage, and role functionality.&nbsp;</li></ul><div><p><br></p></div></div>